Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/extending-neo4j/procedures.adoc

All of the above classes are considered safe and future-proof and do not compromise the security of the database.
Several unsupported (restricted) classes can also be injected and can be changed with little or no notice.
Procedures written to use these restricted APIs are not loaded by default, and you need to use the `dbms.security.procedures.unrestricted` to load unsafe procedures.

> Read more about this config setting in link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/security/securing-extensions[Operations Manual -> Securing extensions].

Author: ```suggestion
Read more about this config setting in link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/security/securing-extensions[Operations Manual -> Securing extensions].
```

Future versions of Neo4j might contain breaking changes to this API.
====

> If your procedure or function allocates significant amounts of heap memory, you can register allocations to count towards the configured transaction limits, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/performance/memory-configuration/#memory-configuration-limit-transaction-memory[Operations Manual -> Limit transaction memory usage] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
If your procedure or function allocates significant amounts of heap memory, you can register allocations to count towards the configured transaction limits, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/performance/memory-configuration/#memory-configuration-limit-transaction-memory[Operations Manual -> Limit transaction memory usage] for more information.
```
